- [Instructor] When setting up a JPA project,
there are a few configurations that must be preformed.
The application must be set up to connect to a data source,
and a persistence unit must be configured.
Let's configure our EJB project to use JPA with an Eclipse.
Eclipse provides support for configuring JPA projects,
which makes it pretty easy.
To get started,
we're just going to right-click on our project,
and then we can go to configure within the menu,
and select "Convert to JPA Project."
This will bring up a dialogue that allows us to select
our JPA version, and apply the project facet
to our EJB project.
So just click on "Finish,"
and you'll notice that when we do that,
we're going to get a persistence.xml file
within our project.
That persistence.xml file
has some GUI support within Eclipse that allows us
to specify information such as the connection.
Now in our case, we're going to be using
a in-memory database found within WildFly,
so data source is already registered in
the application server and it has a JNDI name
that we can leverage out of the box.
Now if you were configuring another data source
such as Oracle or maybe MySQL, you would need to configure
the driver, the URL, and then the username and password
for your database.
Now an important option that we need to configure
is the Schema generation, so within the JPA providers,
there's support for your DDL
to be created automatically within your databases.
This is okay when you're doing development
such as we are, just kind of exploring
or when you're doing initial development,
but once you connect this to an production database,
you want to make sure it's set to "None."
In our case, we're going to set it to "Drop and Create,"
and that's going to cause the JPA provider
to drop the tables each time we launch our application,
and then re-create them,
and it looks at the entity annotations
that we've provide in order to create those tables.
If we would like, we can specify other properties
that instruct the JPA provider on its behavior,
so those configuration properties
can be provided on this properties tab.
We don't have any to apply right now,
so let's just go ahead, we'll save our systems.xml file,
and then we're going to go ahead
and we'll remove our project from the server
and then we can go ahead and restart it,
just to make sure everything's configured appropriately.
Okay, we can see that our application starts up,
and here you can see the hibernate.jpa implementation,
actually doing some work in connecting to our database.